---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-02T23:37:26.772Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-02T23:37:25.971Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-02-b7b98fed-6c0d-4e86-ad45-4c41736d57e5.md
published: true
url: b7b98fed-6c0d-4e86-ad45-4c41736d57e5/index.html
_type: Article

---
BIOGRAPHY

Known as a leader for tap dance in Australia, Winston Morrison is the Director of Melbourne Tap Dance (tap education and performances) the annual Australian Tap Dance Festival, and the co-creator of Beacon the Musical. 

Also a pianist, he has a musician's ear which he brings to his dance. Winston's style is rhythmically rich, visually dynamic and soulful.  Through his own experiences, observations and instilled learnings from teachers in a variety of art forms, both locally and abroad, he is able to offer significant distinctions that improve a dancer's sound and movement in a short amount of time.  

Winston has been tap columnist for Dance-Train magazine, written and presented instructionals for Dance-Infoma magazine and is the Australian representative of the International Tap Association. He is sponsored by Capezio (read his

[interview here][0]

), performed solo at the New York City Tap Festival as well as the Montreal Tap Festival and has guest taught at New York's 'Broadway Dance Centre'.

In the past Winston has appeared on television and radio, specifically to represent tap on shows like Channel 9's Kids WB, ABC's Studio 3, Australia's Got Talent, 1700 show and Eastside FM. He has performed at various festivals including the Wangaratta Jazz Festival, St Kilda Festival, Melbourne Food and Wine Festival, Spiegeltent, "Australia's Got Tap!", "Rhythm in Motion" (Australian Tap Dance Festivals), Clayton Street Festival, Sydney Road Music Festival and the Melbourne Fringe Festival.

Winston has had the pleasure of performing internationally at the Montreal Tap Festival and New York City Tap Festival.  Some other credits include 'Sammi D' - a Jazz Tap musical, Parisian Rendezvous, Immersed Dance Industry Night, Masters of Choreography's Once Upon a Time, Underground Summer.  Winston is currently musically directing Annie the Musical, working on the 4th annual Australian Tap Dance Festival show and a regional tour of "Beacon The Musical".   

[0]: http://blog.capezioanz.com/post/2013/05/17/Interview-with-Winston-Morrison.aspx